Questions for Client (Ruth for now) – Requirements:
Remember that for the purpose of gra
    Do you already have the PDF’s (or other formats) for the course work? 
      Yes, I will try to upload after my last class tonight.
    What is “administrative” services, “funding” (payment for classes?), “room booking” (if it’ll be online, why room booking?)?
      Room booking availability both for return to norm (physical rooms) and for the use of zoom due to the new normal.
    What are “services” specifically to small local business and startups? (courses as well, access to training videos, virtual conferences, something else?)
      Due to their size small businesses are provided extra services with help with setting up tax with revenue and other such items (define just 2 additional services for demo purposes)
    Logo, certain look and feel for front-end, colors, any other special needs?
      Clean, sharp, professional, sans serf font, colours which work for both print and online media.
    What user ID would they use to access the site?
      clientName@bdc.connachtUnit.ie
    Is there a database already available with information – classes, students, instructors, customers, etc?
      Assume yes. For the purpose of this assignment create something simple with no more than 5 users for demonstration purposes.
    Is there an already e-delivery method such as blackboard? Or something else is expected?
      yes.
    Scope clarification: Building the student hub instead of building blackboard?
      Student Hub.
    Scope: Video recordings, or live meetings (zoom, etc), or both?
      both
    Do they already have a website? Online presence? And this is something to ‘hook’ into it?
      Yes and yes.
    Is there a place to order books and class materials?
      Refer them to an outside website
    What happens with students who don’t have laptops/computers?
      You cannot sign up to a course without resources.
    What happened with LYIT students – did they all switch to blackboard?
      Yes. However, a disaster plan was not as well structured or communicated as it might have been. 
    Meeting availability – best time to meet or reach and get feedback/answers.
      In 2 weeks all dissertations will be complete which will free up my time a little more. For now Tuesday morning (GMT+1) is good.
      
      
